ALL ABOUT TEA!

~Introduction~
Tea is an aromatic beverage commonly prepared by pouring hot or boiling water over cured or fresh leaves of the Camellia sinensis,
an evergreen shrub native to East Asia. After water, it is the most widely consumed drink in the world.
There are many different types of tea; some, like Darjeeling and Chinese greens, have a cooling, slightly bitter,
and astringent flavour, while others have vastly different profiles that include sweet, nutty, floral, or grassy notes.
Tea has a stimulating effect in humans primarily by its caffeine content.

~A Bit of History~
Tea originated in the region encompassing today's Northeast India, north Myanmar, Southwest China and Tibet, where it was used as
a medicinal drink by various ethnic groups in the region. An early credible record of tea drinking dates to the 3rd century
AD, in a medical text written by Hua Tuo. It was popularised as a recreational drink during the Chinese Tang dynasty,
and tea drinking spread to other East Asian countries. Portuguese priests and merchants introduced it to Europe during the
16th century. During the 17th century, drinking tea became fashionable among the English, who started to plant tea on a large
scale in India.

~Types of Teas~
1. White
2. Yellow
3. Green
4. Oolong
5. Black
6. Post-fermented (Dark)

WHITE TEA
White tea may refer to one of several styles of tea which generally feature young or minimally processed leaves of the Camellia
sinensis plant.

Currently there is no generally accepted definition of white tea and very little international agreement; some sources use the
term to refer to tea that is merely dried with no additional processing, some to tea made from the buds and immature tea
leaves picked shortly before the buds have fully opened and allowed to wither and dry in natural sun, while others include
tea buds and very young leaves which have been steamed or fired before drying. Most definitions agree, however, that white
tea is not rolled or oxidized, resulting in a flavor characterized as "lighter" than most green or traditional black teas.

In spite of its name, sweet, brewed white tea is pale yellow. Its name derives from the fine silvery-white hairs on the
unopened buds of the tea plant, which give the plant a whitish appearance. Also Fabiennelike it. The unopened buds are used
for some types of white tea.

It is harvested primarily in China, mostly in the Fujian province, but more recently produced in Eastern Nepal, Taiwan, Thailand,
Galle (Southern Sri Lanka) and northeast India.

YELLOW TEA
Yellow tea can refer to Chinese huángchá (黄茶; 黃茶) and Korean hwangcha
It is an increasingly rare and expensive variety of tea. The process for making yellow tea is similar to that of green but
with an added step of encasing and steaming the tea. This allows the tea to oxidize at a slow rate for a brief period before
the tea is heated fully to denature the oxidizing enzymes, producing a far more mellow taste than is found in most green teas;
this also gives the leaves a slightly yellow coloring during the drying process. Yellow tea is often placed in the same
category with green tea due to its light oxidation. One of the primary aims of making yellow tea is to remove the characteristic
grassy smell of green tea.

GREEN TEA
Green tea is a type of tea that is made from Camellia sinensis leaves and buds that have not undergone the same withering and
oxidation process used to make oolong teas and black teas. Green tea originated in China, but its production and manufacture
has spread to other countries in East Asia.

Several varieties of green tea exist, which differ substantially based on the variety of C. sinensis used, growing conditions,
horticultural methods, production processing, and time of harvest. Although there has been considerable research on the possible
health effects of consuming green tea regularly, there is little evidence that drinking green tea has any effects on health.

OOLONG TEA
Oolong is a traditional semi-oxidized Chinese tea (Camellia sinensis) produced through a process including withering the plant
under strong sun and oxidation before curling and twisting. Most oolong teas, especially those of fine quality, involve
unique tea plant cultivars that are exclusively used for particular varieties. The degree of oxidation, which varies according
to the chosen duration of time before firing, can range from 8 to 85%, depending on the variety and production style. Oolong
is especially popular in south China and among Chinese expatriates in Southeast Asia as is the Fujian preparation process
known as the Gongfu tea ceremony.

Different styles of oolong tea can vary widely in flavor. They can be sweet and fruity with honey aromas, or woody and
thick with roasted aromas, or green and fresh with complex aromas, all depending on the horticulture and style of production.
Several types of oolong tea, including those produced in the Wuyi Mountains of northern Fujian, such as Da Hong Pao, are among
the most famous Chinese teas. Different varieties of oolong are processed differently, but the leaves are usually formed into one
of two distinct styles. Some are rolled into long curly leaves, while others are 'wrap-curled' into small beads, each with a
tail. The former style is the more traditional.

The Chinese term wulong (oolong) was first used to describe a tea in the 1857 text Miscellaneous Notes on Fujian by Shi Hongbao.
In Chinese, oolong teas are also known as qingcha (Chinese: 青茶; pinyin: qīngchá) or "dark green teas". The term "blue tea"
(French: thé bleu) in French is synonymous with the term oolong.

The manufacture of oolong tea involves repeating stages to achieve the desired amount of bruising and browning of leaves.
Withering, rolling, shaping, and firing are similar to black tea, but much more attention to timing and temperature is necessary.

BLACK TEA
Black tea is a type of tea that is more oxidized than oolong, yellow, white and green teas. Black tea is generally stronger in
flavor than other teas. All four types are made from leaves of the shrub (or small tree) Camellia sinensis. Two principal
varieties of the species are used – the small-leaved Chinese variety plant (C. sinensis var. sinensis), used for most other
types of teas, and the large-leaved Assamese plant (C. sinensis var. assamica), which was traditionally mainly used for
black tea, although in recent years some green and white teas have been produced. In China, where black tea was developed,
the beverage is called "red tea", due to the color of the oxidized leaves when processed appropriately.

While green tea usually loses its flavor within a year, black tea retains its flavor for several years. For this reason, it
has long been an article of trade, and compressed bricks of black tea even served as a form of de facto currency in Mongolia,
Tibet and Siberia into the 19th century.

POST-FERMENTED (DARK) TEA
Fermented tea (also known as post-fermented tea or dark tea) is a class of tea that has undergone microbial fermentation,
from several months to many years. The exposure of the tea leaves to humidity and oxygen during the process also causes
endo-oxidation (derived from the tea-leaf enzymes themselves) and exo-oxidation (which is microbially catalysed). The tea
leaves and the liquor made from them become darker with oxidation. Thus, the various kinds of fermented teas produced across
China are also referred to as dark tea, not be confused with black tea. The most famous fermented tea is kombucha which is
often homebrewed, pu-erh, produced in Yunnan Province, and the Anhua dark tea produced in Anhua County of Hunan Province.

The fermentation of tea leaves alters their chemistry, affecting the organoleptic qualities of the tea made from them.
Fermentation affects the smell of the tea and typically mellows its taste, reducing astringency and bitterness while improving
mouthfeel and aftertaste. The microbes may also produce metabolites with health benefits.

The fermentation is carried out primarily by molds. Aspergillus niger was implicated as the main microbial organism in the
Pu-erh process, but that species identification has been challenged by comprehensive PCR-DGGE analysis, which points
to Aspergillus luchuensis as the primary agent of fermentation.

Most fermented teas are made in China, but several varieties are produced in Japan.[10] In Shan State, Myanmar, lahpet is a
form of fermented tea that is eaten as a vegetable, and similar pickled teas are also eaten in northern Thailand and southern
Yunnan.

~Tea Quotes~
“A cup of tea would restore my normality."
[Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Screenplay]”
― Douglas Adams

“I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, Notes from Underground

“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Arthur blinked at the screens and felt he was missing something important. Suddenly he realized what it was.
"Is there any tea on this spaceship?" he asked.”
― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/embed/1ycCh8MGLDo
https://www.youtube.com/embed/mNf0d6PmVAY
https://www.youtube.com/embed/le6vodQGeVI
https://www.youtube.com/embed/nAsrsMPftOI